README.md, before:

# Media Processing Skills

This repository contains a collection of specialized agent skills for media and content processing. These skills are designed to be used by AI agents (like Claude) to perform complex tasks related to audio, video, and document manipulation.

## Skills

### [pdf-to-images](./pdf-to-images)
Convert PDF files into a series of high-quality images (PNG/JPG) using ImageMagick. Useful for extracting slides or creating previews.

### [podcast-downloader](./podcast-downloader)
Download podcast episodes efficiently from Apple Podcasts. Features iTunes API integration for speed, with robust RSS fallback and metadata extraction.

### [srt-title-generator](./srt-title-generator)
Analyze SRT subtitle files to generate engaging, viral-potential video titles. Optimized for platforms like YouTube, Bilibili, and Little Red Book (Xiaohongshu).

### [youtube-downloader](./youtube-downloader)
A powerful video downloader wrapping `yt-dlp`. Supports downloading videos, playlists, subtitles, and metadata from YouTube and 1000+ other sites.

## Usage

These skills are structured for use with Claude Code or similar agentic environments.

### Claude Code Installation

You can register this repository as a plugin source:

```bash
/plugin marketplace add burn.wang/skills
```
*(Note: Replace `burn.wang/skills` with your actual git repository URL or identifier if different)*

Or install the media skills group directly:

```bash
/plugin install media-skills@burn.wang/skills
```

## Structure

Each skill is contained in its own directory with a `SKILL.md` file defining its interface, usage, and dependencies.

Commit message:

docs: rename to Skills for Non-Coder

README.md, after:

# Skills for Non-Coder

This repository contains a collection of specialized agent skills designed specifically for **non-coders** to handle media and content processing tasks. These skills allow anyone to perform complex operations related to audio, video, and document manipulation through simple AI instructions.

## Skills

### [pdf-to-images](./pdf-to-images)
Convert PDF files into a series of high-quality images (PNG/JPG) using ImageMagick. Useful for extracting slides or creating previews.

### [podcast-downloader](./podcast-downloader)
Download podcast episodes efficiently from Apple Podcasts. Features iTunes API integration for speed, with robust RSS fallback and metadata extraction.

### [srt-title-generator](./srt-title-generator)
Analyze SRT subtitle files to generate engaging, viral-potential video titles. Optimized for platforms like YouTube, Bilibili, and Little Red Book (Xiaohongshu).

### [youtube-downloader](./youtube-downloader)
A powerful video downloader wrapping `yt-dlp`. Supports downloading videos, playlists, subtitles, and metadata from YouTube and 1000+ other sites.

## Usage

These skills are structured for use with Claude Code or similar agentic environments.

### Claude Code Installation

You can register this repository as a plugin source:

```bash
/plugin marketplace add burn.wang/skills
```
*(Note: Replace `burn.wang/skills` with your actual git repository URL or identifier if different)*

Or install the media skills group directly:

```bash
/plugin install media-skills@burn.wang/skills
```

## Structure

Each skill is contained in its own directory with a `SKILL.md` file defining its interface, usage, and dependencies.
